ESC Snowflake Providers launch (#14904)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/esc-snowflake-providers-launch/index.md

          user: ESC_LOGIN_USER          
          role: ESC_ROLE  # Optional
```
When this environment is opened, ESC securely handles the OIDC flow and makes the temporary token available under `snowflake.login.token`.

## snowflake-user: Automated Rotation for RSA Key Secrets

For applications or services using Snowflake's key-pair authentication, maintaining the security of those RSA keys is crucial. The `snowflake-user` rotator automates the lifecycle management of these keys as **rotated secrets** within ESC. This rotater uses the same two-secret rotation strategy we use in rest of ESC's [rotated secrets](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/) providers. This eliminates manual rotation toil and ensures keys are regularly refreshed according to policy, enhancing the security of the *user secret* itself. Check out the rotated secrets [blog post](/blog/esc-rotated-secrets-launch/#introducing-esc-rotated-secrets) to learn more about its benefits. 

**Setup:**

*  **Prepare Snowflake:**
    *   Create the [target user](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-1-create-the-target-user) (e.g., `MY_APP_SNOWFLAKE_USER`) whose keys need rotation.

>     *   Set up a dedicated [rotation role](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-2-create-a-rotator-role), [service user](http://www-testing-pulumi-docs-origin-pr-14838-32257ac4.s3-website.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-3-create-a-rotation-service-user) with permissions (`OWNERSHIP`) and [setup OIDC](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-4-set-up-oidc-for-the-rotation-service-user) to modify the target user's keys. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   Set up a dedicated [rotation role](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-2-create-a-rotator-role) with `OWNERSHIP` permission over the users you wish to rotate, so it can modify their keys.
    *   Create a [service user](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-3-create-a-rotation-service-user) using the rotation role, and [setup OIDC](/docs/esc/integrations/rotated-secrets/snowflake-user/#step-4-set-up-oidc-for-the-rotation-service-user) to allow ESC to assume the role for rotation. 
```

---
title: "Announcing Snowflake Dynamic and Rotated Credentials with Pulumi ESC"
date: 2025-05-01
allow_long_title: true
meta_desc: "Secure your Snowflake access with Pulumi ESC's new dynamic OIDC login for temporary credentials and automated RSA keypair rotation for user secrets."
meta_image: meta.png
authors:
- claire-gaestel
- arun-loganathan
tags:
- esc
- secrets
- features
- snowflake
- rotation
- dynamic-login
- oidc
- security
- configuration-management
---

> Snowflake is the data cloud powerhouse for countless businesses, critical for everything from customer dashboards to billing pipelines. The stakes are immense: this data must be strictly secured and always available. Yet, relying on static credentials or manual key rotation forces a dangerous trade-off between security risks from stale secrets and operational disruption from clumsy updates. [Pulumi ESC](/product/esc) eliminates this dilemma with two purpose-built Snowflake integrations:

Reviewer 2: This doesn't feel like a tradeoff, but rather it creates risk.

Author: Updated.

> Snowflake is the data cloud powerhouse for countless businesses, critical for everything from customer dashboards to billing pipelines. The stakes are immense: this data must be strictly secured and always available. Yet, relying on static credentials or manual key rotation forces a dangerous trade-off between security risks from stale secrets and operational disruption from clumsy updates. [Pulumi ESC](/product/esc) eliminates this dilemma with two purpose-built Snowflake integrations:

Author: ```suggestion
Snowflake is the data cloud powerhouse for countless businesses, critical for everything from customer dashboards to billing pipelines. The stakes are immense: this data must be strictly secured and always available. Yet, relying on static credentials or manual key rotation Today, we are thrilled to announce **Pulumi Identity and Access Management (IAM)**, a comprehensive vision for unified, fine-grained authorization across the entire Pulumi Cloud platform. This initiative will fundamentally enhance how you manage permissions for Pulumi IaC stacks, Pulumi ESC environments, Pulumi Insights, and even organizational settings, integrating seamlessly into every layer of the product, including our upcoming Pulumi IDP capabilities. Our goal is to provide powerful, flexible controls that meet the needs of complex enterprises without sacrificing simplicity for smaller teams. [Pulumi ESC](/product/esc) eliminates this dilemma with two purpose-built Snowflake integrations:
```
